[CON-403] feat: Added the provider guides for vtiger connector (#268)
amp-labs/docs: src/provider-guides/vtiger.mdx

---
title: Vtiger
---
## What's supported

### Supported actions

This connector supports:

> - [Proxy Actions](/proxy-actions), using the base URL `https://{{.workspace}}/restapi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Proxy Actions](/proxy-actions)
   - If your instance name is `your_instance.odx`, then the base URL will be `https://your_instance.odx/restapi`
```

The suggestion I made above is a quick example of how you can word it. Can you please update the language to be more explicit like this? Please run it through chatgpt for technical clarity, because `workspace` is a concept that may not make sense here

### Example integration

To define an integration for vtiger, create a manifest file that looks like this:

```YAML
# amp.yaml
specVersion: 1.0.0
integrations:
  - name: vtiger-integration
    displayName: Vtiger
    provider: vtiger
    proxy:
      enabled: true
```

## Using the connector

This connector uses Basic Auth, which means that you do not need to set up a Provider App before getting started. (Provider apps are only required for providers that use OAuth2 Authorization Code grant type.)

To start integrating with vtiger:
- Create a manifest file like the example above.
- Deploy it using the [amp CLI](/cli/overview).
- Embed the [InstallIntegration](/embeddable-ui-components#install-integration) UI component. The UI component will prompt the customer for their username and password.

> - Start making [Proxy Calls](/proxy-actions), and Ampersand will automatically attach the correct header required by Basic Auth. Please note that this connector's base URL is `https://{{.workspace}}/restapi`.

Reviewer: Same goes for here
